[core] Update .github to match main repo (#1929)
mui-org/material-ui-pickers: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/1.bug.md

---
name: Bug report 🐛
about: Create a bug report for Material-UI.
labels: 'status: needs triage'
---

<!-- Provide a general summary of the issue in the Title above -->

<!--
  Thank you very much for contributing to Material-UI by creating an issue! ❤️
  To avoid duplicate issues we ask you to check off the following list.
-->

<!-- Checked checkbox should look like this: [x] -->

- [ ] The issue is present in the latest release.
- [ ] I have searched the [issues](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-pickers/issues) of this repository and believe that this is not a duplicate.

## Current Behavior 😯

<!-- Describe what happens instead of the expected behavior. -->

## Expected Behavior 🤔

<!-- Describe what should happen. -->

## Steps to Reproduce 🕹

<!--
  Provide a link to a live example (you can use codesandbox.io) and an unambiguous set of steps to reproduce this bug.
  Include code to reproduce, if relevant (which it most likely is).

>   You should use the official codesandbox template as a starting point: https://codesandbox.io/s/gifted-wilbur-g4bgc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You should use the official codesandbox template as a starting point: https://codesandbox.io/s/material-ui-pickers-v4-jfm6g
```

Author: Ah right, let's add a new team template for bugs related to the date picker. Did you receive the invitation email?

<img width="748" alt="Capture d’écran 2020-06-24 à 17 58 50" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/3165635/85590153-767a9d80-b644-11ea-8dbc-4cbd2ff0c1d5.png">

Regarding the template itself, I think that we should do:

```diff
- const [selectedDate, handleDateChange] = useState(new Date());
+ const [value, setValue] = useState(new Date());

  return (
    <LocalizationProvider dateAdapter={DateFnsUtils}>
      <DatePicker
-       value={selectedDate}
+       value={value}
-       onChange={handleDateChange}
+       onChange={(newValue) => {
+         setValue(newValue);
        }}
        renderInput={props => <TextField {...props} />}
      />
```

This would avoid a downstream issue when we add more arguments to the onChange callback, as well as being more consistent with the other components.

Reviewer: Didn't receive the invitation

Author: Invited.

I have continued to improve the template in: remove date-io dependency, remove fixed version dependency, update useState to fall into the nominal use case. https://codesandbox.io/s/material-ui-date-picker-ppt05

```suggestion
  You should use the official codesandbox template as a starting point: https://codesandbox.io/s/material-ui-date-picker-ppt05
```

Reviewer: I am not sure when can I find the invitation, no email and not seeing anything in the UI :(
